hey guys Ryan here with an unboxing of
the brand new Apple TV I just picked
this Apple TV up on my local apple store
and I was actually the last one to get
one they only got like two in stock and
I was the second one to get one and it
was the last I had to drive like 45
minutes to get it and so there was going
to be no guarantee that I could have it
because they couldn't hold it so luckily
I've got one and here it is and I'm
going to unbox it for you guys so first
of all here's the box it's pretty simple
you got the apple logo hdmi all that
there and then a picture on the back
ninety-nine dollars so let's go and get
this thing open looks like it's already
popped up a little bit so go ahead and
get the shrink wrap off and there we go
let's go ahead and slide this open set
this aside and there's the apple TV see
if we can get this out wow I've got to
say first impressions this thing is tiny
like this is really really small I knew
it was small I was looked at the specs
on apples website and I knew it was
going to be pretty small but i did not
realize it was this small I mean
compared to the old one this one is tiny
tiny tiny let's go ahead and take this
wrapper off all right so here's the box
itself the apple TV got all the plugins
on the back you've got your power port
HDMI USB the optical audio and then just
the the network adapter port so i'll see
if i can focus to see you guys can see
alright so there's all the ports you got
your networked audio hdmi USB and then
your power so we'll set this aside and
see what else is in the box there's the
remote so go ahead and take the wrapper
off this and so you have a pretty
standard remote we've all seen this
remote before so there it is let's go
ahead and set that aside so if there's
anything else in the box we've got the
power cable so it's all nice and rolled
up just plug that right in the back so
go ahead and set this aside
and then it looks like we've got the
main Knowles right here so Apple TV all
the manuals setting it up and everything
all the features so boring stuff and of
course you get your to Apple stickers
that come with everything and then it
looks like a information guide for the
Apple TV so more paperwork but yeah guys
this was just a short little unboxing of
the apple TV I'm very excited to get
this set up I'm actually gonna go set it
up now and start messing with it and I
will have your review up for you guys
very shortly most likely on friday so be
on the lookout for that if you guys do
have any questions so feel free to leave
a comment below and I will try to get
that answered and get it put in the
review for you but yeah guys i'm ryan
from overture blog com as always thanks
for watching and have a great day